# Shopping-Project
Internet is changing the way consumers shop and buy goods and services and have evolved into a global  phenomenon. In recent times e-tailing is the new trend or (Transformative Change) of shopping in India. Our objective is to find out the various attributes of flipkart  and on what basis consumers are showing interest to this e-commerce site. Now a  days people run after brands, the highest product ratings, discount price on  products and more. From customers point of view there are some benefits of using branded products or highest rating products, it increases the customer satisfaction  level in the services of flipkart. So, if we round up the total database and perform a thorough analysis we might come up with a better picture.

The project scope is to find out the customers preference towards products based on brands, ratings, discount price, flipkart advantage product and more.

Using Data Analysis and Interpretation we can derive customers opinion and  satisfaction, towards flipkart. Providing an insight to these details will help flipkart  to be more aggressive in the market along with the other big shots in the market.

The purpose of this project is to predict the success of Flipkart given a set of input features. The Flipkart Database is an open source database including information over 6909 financial events. Even though a lot of big organisations have maintained the database and performed several statistical analyses, we will be using this data for prediction purpose. In this Project, we use the Flipkart Database to predict the discount percentage for a given product category and brand, whether or not the product is a Flipkart advantage product given product category and brand, and is the discount percent related to the brand and product rating?

